===== Center =====

Blue (Anniversary 2026): You ready to rock this party or what?
Blue (Anniversary 2026): I’m not exaggerating when I say we’re the ones who’ll make or break this party.
Serena (Anniversary 2026): We’ll have to do our best to meet everyone’s expectations!
Serena (Anniversary 2026): Let’s make our Mega Evolutions shine in everyone’s memories!

===== Professor Sycamore’s Idea =====
Professor Sycamore: Wow, Serena!
Professor Sycamore: I wasn’t expecting you to show me Greninja’s Mega Evolution!
Serena: We’ve been strengthening our bond here on Pasio.
Serena: I think that’s what led us to this new power!
Serena: Greninja’s helped me a lot up till now.
Serena: And now that he can Mega Evolve, I’m sure I’ll rely on him even more!
Professor Sycamore: He does seem like a dependable partner! You’re shining brighter than ever!
Professor Sycamore: I have the perfect role for you both to showcase your brilliance.
Professor Sycamore: Would you like to try it?
Serena: Sure! Leave it to us!
Professor Sycamore: That’s what I like to hear!
Professor Sycamore: I’ve reached out to another Trainer as well...

Narration: A few days later...
Lear: Professor Sycamore suggested we hold a party to celebrate, so that’s precisely what we’ll do!
Lear: The theme will be...Mega Evolution!
Lear: Allow me to introduce the sync pairs leading the festivities!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Today, we’re gonna fill the arena with Mega Evolution!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): First, we’ll show you just how marvelous Mega Evolution can be!
Serena (Anniversary 2026): Then everyone can join in the fun!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Let’s get this party started!

===== Ninja-Like Pokémon =====
Raihan (New Year's 2025): Whoa, impressive!
Atticus: ’Tis an honor to see.
Adaman: Did you already know about Greninja?
Atticus: Why, of course!
Atticus: After all, it’s known as the Ninja Pokémon!
Atticus: I hadn’t realized Mega Evolution could give it such power!
Raihan (New Year's 2025): I guess it’s your first time seeing it in this form, then.
Serena (Anniversary 2026): When he Mega Evolves, he changes how he battles. Instead of hiding, he stays out in the open.
Serena (Anniversary 2026): Plus, his reflexes get super sharp. As his Trainer, it can be difficult to keep up!
Raihan (New Year's 2025): That pose oozes confidence, like he knows he’s gonna win.
Serena (Anniversary 2026): Since Greninja has a new look, I took a page out of his book...
Serena (Anniversary 2026): and wore a fancy party look to match!
Raihan (New Year's 2025): Not bad! Matching your partner Pokémon is advanced stuff!
Adaman: You really know what suits you, huh.
Atticus: ’Tis an inspiration to mine eyes!
Serena (Anniversary 2026): Thank you all so much for the kind words!
Adaman: That said...
Adaman: How on earth do you battle with such a strong Pokémon?
Raihan (New Year's 2025): No Pokémon is perfect for every situation.
Raihan (New Year's 2025): You’ve gotta drag your opponents into a position where you’ve got the upper hand!
Raihan (New Year's 2025): For example, I like to change the weather to shake things up!
Serena (Anniversary 2026): Oooh, that sounds tough to beat!
Atticus: Perhaps there are Pokémon with ninja techniques that rival Greninja’s!
Raihan (New Year's 2025): Yeah! We may not know any yet, but some could show up on Pasio one day!
Adaman: I’d love to meet more ninja-like Pokémon!
Serena (Anniversary 2026): You all sure are ninja fans, huh.

===== The Perfect Party Attire =====
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Red! I’ve got something that’s just as good as that Terastallization you’ve been using.
Blue (Anniversary 2026): I trained hard with Dragonite to harness the power of Mega Evolution!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): So remember this!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): No matter how high you climb, I’ll always catch up!
Red: ... ... ...
Leon: It’s great to have a rival you can go all out against, isn’t it?
May (Anniversary 2022): Yeah! It’s also great to know you’ll always have that dynamic!
Leon: I’m curious, Blue... Why Dragonite?
Leon: I don’t think I’ve seen you battle with him.
Blue (Anniversary 2026): I wanted to keep him a surprise—as my secret weapon!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): I was waiting for the right moment to let him strut his stuff!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): I did get some battle tactics and tips for raising him from Lance.
Blue (Anniversary 2026): But you already noticed, didn’t ya?
Red: ... ... ...
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Can’t get anything past you when it comes to Pokémon!
May (Anniversary 2022): You may be rivals, but you truly seem to understand each other!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): By the way...
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Isn’t this supposed to be a party? Why’re Red and Leon wearing their usual?
Blue (Anniversary 2026): May’s all dressed up!
May (Anniversary 2022): I’m just wearing this ’cause I had to attend a Pokémon researchers gathering with my dad.
Leon: I’ll have you know I’m not slacking!
Leon: This uniform is what I wear when I’m having a serious battle!
Leon: I’m guessing it’s the same for you, Red?
Red: ... ... ...
Blue (Anniversary 2026): What’s that? You feel most comfortable battling in clothes you’re used to?
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Well, I guess you’ve got your reasons.
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Hey, May. When it comes to dress code...
Blue (Anniversary 2026): this is OUR win, hands down!

===== Surprisingly Quick Growth =====
Viola: With you and your Mega-Evolved Beedrill side by side...
Viola: you look fantastic! Just fantastic!
Perrin: Lookin’ good, kiddo! Gimme all sorts of poses!
Leaf: Like...this?
Kieran: That bug Pokémon! I’ve never seen it in Kitakami!
Perrin: Yeah, me neither.
Perrin: In fact, I’ve also never seen it in Sinnoh, where I’m from.
Viola: Really?
Leaf: It’s very common in Kanto!
Leaf: I met this one in Viridian Forest when she was a Weedle, and I raised her until she evolved!
Leaf: She grew quickly. I can truly depend on her.
Viola: That’s one thing about bug Pokémon... They grow fast!
Viola: They’re especially reliable when you’re first starting out as a Trainer!
Perrin: They grow quickly, huh...
Perrin: I guess it’s the same for kids around your age, Leaf, Kieran.
Perrin: It’s amazing how fast you kiddos grow so big and strong.
Viola: Yeah!
Viola: I feel like every time I see you, you shine even brighter than before!
Perrin: As you gain experience and grow, your horizons expand at the speed of light.
Perrin: Those moments are so beautiful!
Perrin: You young Trainers and your bug Pokémon have infinite potential.
Perrin: I’ll be sure to snap some photos of you sync pairs—and all the beautiful moments you can only experience now!
Kieran: Then...now’s our chance to have a battle! The kind only had in the present!
Kieran: Will you battle me and Yanmega?
Leaf: You bet I will!
Perrin: Oooh, a bug Pokémon showdown!
Viola: How exciting!

===== Gyarados’s Rage =====
Lance: Ethan, Gyarados...
Lance: When I see you together, it takes me back.
Ethan: To that incident we handled at the Lake of Rage?
Misty: Oooh, I heard about that!
Misty: Team Rocket really crossed a line back then, didn’t they!
Harmony: What happened?
Lance: Team Rocket had manipulated radio waves in Johto...
Lance: which forced the Magikarp in the lake to evolve into Gyarados.
Harmony: That’s awful.
Lance: It was. We can’t let that happen again.
Lance: Pokémon Evolution should be like what Ethan’s achieved.
Lance: Ethan’s an outstanding Trainer who’s forged a strong bond with his Pokémon, paving the way for Mega Evolution.
Misty: They’re a model sync pair!
Ethan: Aw, you’re too kind.
Harmony: I once battled a Mega-Evolved Gyarados, so I can tell...
Harmony: That Gyarados of yours is super strong!
Ethan: Thanks! But you know...
Ethan: He’s really powerful, so I’ve got to stay on my game so he doesn’t rage again!

===== Laid-Back Mega Evolution? =====
Hassel: Wo...WONDERBUL!
Florian (Anniversary 2026): You’ve really outdone yourself. He looks so strong!
Brendan: Hehe! Thanks!
Drayton: Mega Evolution, huh?
Hassel: Hm? Why so apathetic?
Florian (Anniversary 2026): Don’t you want to try Mega Evolution too, Drayton?
Drayton: Eh, if it happens, it happens. It’s not the sort of thing that can be forced, you know?
Brendan: You’ve got a point! Sometimes not forcing it leads to better results!
Brendan: Mega Evolution doesn’t just happen because you, the Trainer, want it to.
Brendan: If you try to rush it, you might swing and miss.
Florian (Anniversary 2026): Sometimes it’s good to take a stroll on the scenic path...right?
Drayton: Heh heh! See? You get it, buddy!
Hassel: Of course. I didn’t mean to pressure you.
Hassel: It is indeed important to take things at your own pace.
Hassel: That said...
Hassel: At times, it is equally important to let your heart lead the way!
Drayton: So...what exactly do you want me to do?
Hassel: All I’m saying is that sometimes, you might do well to tune in to your feelings.
Hassel: When I see such a ferocious dragon before me...
Hassel: it makes me feel a certain way. Surely you too, Drayton?
Drayton: Yeah, I guess I DO feel something stir in my blood.
Drayton: And we don’t ever get to see Mega-Evolved dragon Pokémon at Blueberry Academy...
Florian (Anniversary 2026): So you’re interested?
Drayton: Guess so. The more you have up your sleeve, the more fun battles are!

===== A Journey for the Successor =====
Korrina: I want more opportunities to show how great Mega Evolution is!
Korrina: I’ll keep on mastering Mega Evolution and teach everyone about it. That’s my duty as the successor!
Sygna Suit Diantha: I’d like to use my work as an actress to show the whole world the wonder of Mega Evolution!
Sygna Suit Diantha: That is my role and duty, as someone who stands in the spotlight both onstage and as Champion.
Hilbert (Champion): It’s a huge responsibility...but awesome if you enjoy it!
N (Anniversary 2021): Yes. It’s a joy when what you love and can do align.
Korrina: I want to master every Mega Evolution someday!
N (Anniversary 2021): Then you might find it interesting to go on a journey.
N (Anniversary 2021): You could keep discovering worlds you’ve yet to see.
Sygna Suit Diantha: A journey, you say? That sounds lovely.
Sygna Suit Diantha: I occasionally visit new places when I’m filming. It often leads to new encounters.
Korrina: Whoa... That sure sounds fun!
Hilbert (Champion): It could also be fun to adventure wherever your heart takes you!
Korrina: You mean with no destination?
Hilbert (Champion): Yeah! When I journeyed to find N, finding him was all I could think about.
Hilbert (Champion): But lately, I’ve been considering a journey of discovery!
Korrina: I guess in the end, you two were able to reunite on Pasio, huh?
Korrina: I bet I could even find new Mega Evolutions while traveling!
Hilbert (Champion): Yeah! If you ever go on a journey like that, Korrina, you’ve got my full support!

===== Mega Evolution’s Possibilities =====
Professor Sycamore: Each of your Mega Evolutions left a special, shining memory in people’s hearts.
Professor Sycamore: Thanks to you all, today will be a day we’ll never forget!
Serena (Anniversary 2026): We were happy to help! I had a great time!
Professor Sycamore: There are actually some Mega Evolutions that even I only recently learned about!
Professor Sycamore: It’s experiences like that—that surprise and move you—that make Pokémon research so fun!
Professor Sycamore: There could be as much potential in Mega Evolution as there are number of bonds between Pokémon and Trainers!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): You’re right, Professor!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): To see what Mega Evolution can truly offer us...
Blue (Anniversary 2026): we’ve one last thing we gotta do. Ready?
Serena (Anniversary 2026): Yup! I was thinking the same!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Let’s finish off this party with one last battle!
Blue (Anniversary 2026): Dragonite! Time to Mega Evolve!
Serena (Anniversary 2026): Greninja! Let’s Mega Evolve!
Serena (Anniversary 2026): We’ll show you the shine of our unique Mega Evolutions...
Blue (Anniversary 2026): ...And the power of our bonds!
