===== Center =====
Dawn (Champion): Palkia’s true form...
Dawn (Champion): It’s hard to believe Dialga and Palkia have other forms, huh?
Lucas (Champion): Let’s shine even brighter as the new Neo Champions!
Dawn (Champion): Yeah! Let’s light hope in everyone’s hearts!

===== Competition Marred by Crisis =====
Cynthia: I will be the head judge of this upcoming Neo Champion Stadium.
Cynthia: What I’m looking for is “the potential of new bonds”!
Cynthia: Now that new powers like arc suits are springing up...
Cynthia: I want you all to show me the potential of a new bond!
Lucas: I see!
Lucas: Potential on par with the bonds blessed by Arceus, huh?
Dawn: Yeah! It’s pretty tough criteria, but that’s all the more reason to try our best!
Professor Rowan: Cynthia! I have terrible news!
Cynthia: Professor Rowan? What is it?
Professor Rowan: Things resembling space-time distortions are appearing all over Pasio!
Cynthia: Space-time distortions?!
Professor Rowan: We must evacuate everyone straightaway!
Dawn: Lucas!
Lucas: Yeah! Let’s go!

===== Another Palkia =====
Dawn: Isn’t that...
Lucas: Yeah—it’s Palkia!
Lucas: Does that mean the space-time distortion is Cyrus’s doing?!
Dawn: Maybe, but I don’t see any Team Galactic around.
Dawn: If Team Galactic isn’t involved, then he probably isn’t either.
Rei: Yeah... My gut tells me this Palkia must be different from Cyrus’s.
Rei: Either way, if Palkia caused this, then we have to quell it!
Barry: Exactly!
Barry: Wh-what?!
Lucas: Look at Palkia...
Dawn: Did it change forms?!
Rei: That form... It can’t be!
Dawn: Wh-what’s going on?! Something’s wrong with the space here!
Dawn: Oh. We’re...fine?
Lucas: Dawn! Barry and Rei are gone!
Dawn: What?! Because of that strange phenomenon just now?
Dawn: Palkia, wait!
Lucas: We need to do something! Let’s go after it!
Dawn: Yeah!
Dawn: (Maybe it was just my imagination...)
Dawn: (but that Palkia looked like it was in pain.)

Lucas: We have no clue where Palkia or the others went.
Dawn: We tried their Poryphones, but the calls wouldn’t go through.
Professor Rowan: Hm... Based on your account...
Professor Rowan: I fear Barry and Rei may have been sucked in by Palkia’s powers and transported to another dimension.
Dawn: What do we do? I’m worried about them.
Cynthia: Indeed. And what’s more...
Cynthia: I’ve heard there are others who’ve gone missing because of Palkia.
Lucas: Seriously?!
Professor Rowan: I hope everyone is safe.
Dawn: It’s hard to believe there’s another Palkia besides Cyrus’s. Is that even possible?
Cynthia: This is only a theory...
Cynthia: but it might have to do with Arceus’s power.
Dawn: How so?
Cynthia: Like Dialga, Palkia is said to have been created by Arceus.
Cynthia: And now, with more people awakening arc suits on Pasio, Arceus’s power must be growing.
Cynthia: I think it’s safe to assume that power drew Palkia here.
Lucas: I see...
Cynthia: That said, we’re still investigating.
Dawn: But...that Palkia looked like it was in pain.
Professor Rowan: Hm... If Cynthia’s theory is correct...
Professor Rowan: Perhaps being forcibly pulled to Pasio brought out Palkia’s tremendous power, whether it wanted it to or not.
Lucas: And now it’s rampaging because it can’t control that power?
Professor Rowan: Hm! Indeed.
Dawn: If that’s the case, I want to help Palkia!
Lucas: Me too! Let’s start by quelling it!
Cynthia: Professor Rowan and I will search for a way to recover the missing people.
Professor Rowan: Dawn, Lucas... We’re counting on you!
Lucas: You got it!

===== “Almighty Sinnoh” =====
Narration: At Akari’s recommendation, Dawn’s group sought out Irida of the Pearl Clan, who has a deep connection to Palkia...
Akari: I can’t believe Irida’s gone missing, too.
Adaman: Yeah. We searched everywhere.
Sabi: Not even my clairvoyance could find her.
Lucas: But Irida was supposed to be the one who’d know how to quell Palkia.
Adaman: Hey, Lucas. Couldn’t you use mighty Dialga’s power to calm down mighty Palkia?
Lucas: Palkia’s power in this other form was incredible.
Lucas: I’m not sure even Dialga could stand up to it.
Adaman: Oh! That’s nothing to worry about!
Lucas: Huh?
Adaman: The power you saw was likely that of mighty Palkia’s true form.
Adaman: But mighty Dialga, its counterpart, has a true form of its own!
Lucas: Really?!
Adaman: You bet!
Adaman: Think about it, Lucas. Mighty Dialga accepted you.
Adaman: I’m sure it’ll respond to your desire to help its companion!
Lucas: All right! I’ll do my best!
Dawn: I’m starting to have hope again!
Akari: Yes!
Akari: We also want to help quell Palkia—however we can. Let’s do some training!

Sygna Suit Carmine: Dawn, Lucas... I heard everything!
Sygna Suit Carmine: Akari was smart to choose me as your training partner!
Urbain: And thanks for callin’ us here, too!
Harmony: Team MZ’ll do what we can to help everyone on Pasio!
Urbain: We’re pretty confident when it comes to battling rogue Pokémon!
Dawn: By the way, what training do you have in mind?
Akari: To quell this rogue Palkia, you’ll need to dodge its attacks!
Lucas: Huh? You mean...
Sygna Suit Carmine: That’s right! As practice, you’re going to dodge Pecharunt’s attacks over and over and OVER!
Sygna Suit Carmine: Nervous? Good!
Urbain: Don’t sweat it! We’ll be right here with you!
Harmony: We’ll teach you how to dodge. I promise!
Akari: Apparently, Harmony and Urbain can dodge just as well as Rei!
Urbain: Yeah! We’ll teach you the same as we would any member of Team MZ!
Lucas: All right! Let’s get started!
Dawn: Yeah! To help everyone!
Sygna Suit Carmine: Looks like you’re ready!
Sygna Suit Carmine: OK, stay sharp—and dodge!

===== Leap Across Time and Space! =====
Narration: After their training, Dawn and Lucas’s group searched all over Pasio and finally found Palkia...
Dawn: Palkia... It looks like it’s in a lot of pain!
Lucas: That’s why we need to quell it!
Lucas: Dialga!
Lucas: Lend me your strength! To save everyone!
Dawn: Dialga is...shining?!
Lucas: Is this Dialga’s other form, just like Adaman said?!
Dawn: This is great! It responded to your feelings, Lucas!
Lucas: All right, Dialga! Let’s quell Palkia!
Dawn: It’s a clash between the controllers of time and space!
Dawn: The shock waves from their battle reach all the way over here!
Dawn: But if I want to quell Palkia, I need to get closer!
Dawn: Relax, Dawn... You can do it—for Lucas and the others!
Dawn: Remember the dodges Akari’s group taught you!
Dawn: Palkia! Please calm down!
Dawn: I know you don’t want to do this!
Dawn: Urk!
Dawn: Palkia, no! Please stop hurting them...and yourself!
Dawn: Huh?!
Lucas: Dawn! Now!
Dawn: Palkia!
Dawn: I know you’re hurting too...
Dawn: But if you keep going, you’ll do something you can never take back!
Dawn: Palkia! I want to help everyone... I want to help YOU!
Dawn: So please!
Dawn: Wha—?!
Dawn: Palkia...?
Dawn: I did it!
Lucas: Nice work, Dawn!
Dawn: It’s all thanks to you and Dialga, Lucas!
Lucas: Now all that’s left is to save the missing people!

Professor Rowan: You two! We figured out how to recover those who disappeared!
Cynthia: Since Palkia’s powers are what sent them to another dimension...
Cynthia: we should be able to use those same powers to get them back!
Dawn: If that’s the case, then we’re on it!
Lucas: Dialga and I will help too!
Lucas: We should be able to use Dialga’s time control to come right back to this time and place!
Lucas: As long as Dawn and I work together with Dialga and Palkia, we can do this!
Adaman: We’re counting on you!
Akari: Please rescue Rei and the others!
Urbain: If things get dicey, Team MZ’ll help you!
Professor Rowan: Be sure to come back, you two.
Lucas: We will!
Dawn: All right. We’re off!

===== The Potential of New Bonds =====
Rei: Where ARE we...?
Rei: Am I...dreaming? No...
Rei: This feels familiar...
Barry: Hey! What’s that light over there?!
Irida: It’s mighty Palkia! And Dawn and Lucas!
Dawn: We’re here to rescue you!
Lucas: Let’s go back to Pasio!

Cynthia: All the people who disappeared have made it back safely!
Cynthia: Palkia has been quelled, and Pasio’s peace has been restored! We’re safe now!
Cynthia: And for that, we have these exceptional Trainers to thank. Let’s give a big round of applause for Dawn and Lucas!
Cynthia: Lucas caused Dialga to assume its true form to calm the rampaging Palkia!
Cynthia: And Dawn forged a bond with Palkia, forming a sync pair with it and returning everyone to Pasio!
Cynthia: You both drew upon the strength of deities, and in doing so, showed me the potential of new bonds!
Cynthia: You are the Neo Champions I envisioned!
Cynthia: Now! Show us all the power of Dialga and Palkia in their true forms!
Lucas (Champion): I’ve been wanting to test out Dialga’s new strength!
Dawn (Champion): Same here! I want to see Palkia’s hidden potential!

Cynthia: That was spectacular! So the deities who control time and space... That’s their power and true forms!
Dawn (Champion): It was a great battle!
Dawn (Champion): I’m so happy we get to be Neo Champions together, Lucas!
Lucas (Champion): So am I! You’re the best rival ever, Dawn!
Professor Rowan: It certainly is a thrill being with you two!
Professor Rowan: Please continue to show us new things!
Dawn (Champion): Will do! I want to learn more about Palkia!
Lucas (Champion): Same for me and Dialga!
Lucas (Champion): And of course, I’ll still help out as your research assistant, Professor!
Cynthia: Now then—as Neo Champions, please say a few words for everyone watching!
Lucas (Champion): A brilliant view awaits you, no matter how long it takes to reach!
Dawn (Champion): The miracles Trainers and Pokémon make together can cross any space, no matter the distance!
Dawn (Champion): Believe in the potential of our new bonds!
Lucas (Champion): From here on out, we’ll keep shining as Neo Champions!
