===== Other Side Story =====
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Vengeance shall rule!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Once everyone understands how vengeful and terrifying Chien-Pao and I are...
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: they will know who TRULY rules this land!

===== Legends of Paldea =====
Narration: After procuring some cursed treasures, Lear invited Raifort to come see them.
Raifort: Wow. I never thought I’d see all four of these treasures on Pasio.
Raifort: I’m impressed you were able to gather them. Being a royal must help.
Lear: Heh! This was nothing!
Raifort: It’s generous of you to host a public exhibit.
Lear: So you’ve heard. Then allow me to cut to the chase.
Lear: I’d like to put you in charge of it.
Raifort: Really? Me?
Lear: Yes, you. I hear you know a lot about these treasures and the legends surrounding them.
Lear: I don’t think I could find anyone better equipped to handle them.
Lear: But first, I’d like you to tell me about the legends passed down in Paldea.
Raifort: Heh. Sure, I’ll hold a special lecture for you.

===== Ghetsis’s Revenge =====
Raifort: For generations in Paldea, an old fairy tale has been passed down about four treasures:
Raifort: a vessel, a sword, a set of tablets, and a set of beads.
Raifort: They’re called the “treasures of ruin.”
Raifort: Their true forms, however, are Pokémon.
Lear: What?
Raifort: As the four treasures were passed from human hand to human hand, they became tainted by hubris and greed.
Raifort: Finally, when they came in contact with the rapacity of a certain king, they awakened as disasters and began to rampage.
Raifort: After that, it’s said renowned Pokémon wielders sealed them somewhere in Paldea.
Raifort: I find it odd how easily you gathered these cursed treasures here on Pasio.
Lear: Do you mean they feel ominous?
???: You’d be right to think that.
The Shadow Triad: Team Plasma claims these treasures of ruin!
Lear: Hey, you! How did you get in here?!
Lear: Unbelievable! They stole the treasures!
Raifort: They’re even pushier than I am.

The Shadow Triad: Lord Ghetsis, we have successfully acquired the treasures.
Ghetsis: Excellent. Good work.
Ghetsis: We should thank Prince Lear for gathering them all in one place for us.
Ghetsis: He’s helped me acquire more pawns!
Ghetsis: These four Pokémon, the so-called treasures of ruin...
Ghetsis: I’ll make them do my bidding, so that I may rule Pasio once and for all!
The Shadow Triad: The treasures of ruin have been put into separate rooms, and we’re analyzing them now. Soon, they will emerge—
The Shadow Triad: What is it?
The Shadow Triad: WHAT?! The treasures of ruin assumed their Pokémon forms and escaped?!
Ghetsis: What did you say?!
Ghetsis: Hmph! I will not tolerate such incompetence!
The Shadow Triad: Our deepest apologies, Lord Ghetsis...
Ghetsis: If you have time to apologize, then get out there and recapture them!
Ghetsis: Well, well... It seems one is willing to become mine of its own accord.
Ghetsis: Kyurem! Hold down that Pokémon!

===== A Winner’s Shadowy Burden =====
Hilda: I heard an unidentified Pokémon was going around attacking sync pairs.
Hilda: Is this it?
Nemona: OK, let’s calm it down!
???: You’ve fallen right into my trap.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: I knew if I let a powerful Pokémon out to roam, it would help me gather the strong.
Hilda: Ghetsis! Don’t tell me this Pokémon is yours?
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: It is. Meet my partner Pokémon.
Hilda: Why are you letting it attack other sync pairs?!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: For revenge.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Chien-Pao holds many grudges...just as I do.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: My noble plans were crushed time and time again! Not only that—I was betrayed by that INGRATE!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: As a sync pair, we fester with hate and seek vengeance!
Hilda: You’re being selfish! You blame everyone but yourself!
Hilda: Nemona! Quick, let’s calm that Pokémon!
Nemona: Yeah! We can’t let this slide!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: I care not if you stand in my way. Do as you please.
Nemona: You sound pretty confident.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: But of course.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Even if we lose, Chien-Pao’s power will only grow!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Its resentment from losing would become everlasting hatred!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Losing would also make MY hate run deep.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: And thus, with my sync stone, Chien-Pao will gain even more power!
Hilda: Say what?!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: I am aware you are quite talented.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: For long you have basked in the glory of victory. You’ve never tasted bitter defeat. It must be nice.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: However! The more you win, the more losers you create. Mark my words—they will all come to resent you.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: I’m sure you’ve experienced that?
Hilda: Absolutely not!
Nemona: Me neither.
Nemona: I mean... I know there are people who think losing is no fun, but...
Hilda: What are you saying, Nemona?
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: At any rate, we were only here today for a brief introduction.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: I’m simply preparing my plan to rule all of Pasio.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Chien-Pao’s power is merely a tool I will use to make the people of Pasio obey me!

Malva: Paldean treasures planned for an exhibit were reported missing, allegedly stolen by individuals with ties to Team Plasma.
Malva: According to reports, the treasures became Pokémon and are currently on the loose. They were not seen with Trainers.
Malva: The treasures are suspected to be hiding all over Pasio. Their whereabouts are still unknown.

Malva: A search party is under way, and we are seeking more leads and eyewitness reports.
Lysandre: Hm... Ruin, eh?
Lysandre: At this rate, people will start fighting over that power.
Lysandre: I must protect them, before they fall into the hands of foolish humans.
