===== Other Side Story =====
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Do people never change? Or is it possible?
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I too want to believe hope remains for the future.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): However, the flames of envy burn and are not easily quenched.

===== History of Repeating Conflicts =====
Rei: From our survey, we learned Chien-Pao was captured by Team Plasma.
Rei: The other three still haven’t been spotted.
Raifort: That’s enough for me to work with. Thanks for the report.
???: I suppose that means you are unaware of what I was trying to accomplish.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Team Flare has tasked all our members with protecting Chi-Yu.
Raifort: That’s Chi-Yu, without a doubt!
Rei: That Pokémon is a treasure of ruin?!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I’ve heard you know a lot about these ruinous Pokémon.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): If you don’t mind, could you teach me more about Chi-Yu?
Raifort: Sure. I appreciate that you’re trying to keep it safe.
Raifort: Chi-Yu is a set of curved beads that sparked many conflicts. Envy accumulated within those beads...
Raifort: and that envy clad itself in fire and became a Pokémon—or so they say.
Rei: Envy... So that’s Chi-Yu’s true form.
Raifort: According to the legends, at least.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I was right to take it in, then.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Had I left Chi-Yu to fend for itself, foolish humans would have fought over it.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I shudder to think how that would affect Chi-Yu, the very embodiment of envy, enshrouded in flames.
Raifort: How kind of you. Were you really that worried for Chi-Yu?
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Of course.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): With Chi-Yu in my custody, fewer people will see it...
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): and the chances of it causing conflict will be much lower.
Raifort: Isn’t that just wishful thinking?
Raifort: Conflicts will happen sooner or later, even without Chi-Yu there to spark them.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Why do you say that?
Raifort: History has proven people will always find a reason to fight.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Spoken like a true history teacher, I suppose.
Raifort: That said...
Raifort: People can learn from the past. Many have tried not to repeat their foolish mistakes.
Raifort: History has proven that too.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): ... ... ...
Rei: Yeah. People do make mistakes.
Rei: But we’d be wrong to judge people by only their mistakes. They’re only one part of us!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): True...
Raifort: We can leave the history lesson at that.
Raifort: So about these ruinous Pokémon... So far, we know where two of them are.
Rei: Yup! It sounds like Chien-Pao is with Team Plasma.
Rei: I have no idea why, but it seems to trust Ghetsis.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): (Trust? That’s hard to believe, knowing him.)
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): (I’ll have to see this for myself.)

Sygna Suit Ghetsis: You kept your word—only wanting to chat.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Perhaps it was presumptuous of me to worry you’d be so insolent as to stage an ambush.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Stand down.
The Shadow Triad: Understood!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): That Pokémon, Chien-Pao...
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I hear it placed a great deal of trust in you.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Trust?
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Myah-ha-ha-ha! What foolish blather!

===== An Ugly, World-Burning Fire =====
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Trust? Preposterous! I’m merely USING it!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Chien-Pao just happens to share my penchant for taking hatred out on others!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: I must admit, it would be a shame to lose such a useful tool.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: After all...
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: If it had no utility, I wouldn’t have kept it in the first place.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): ... ... ...
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): In all my years...
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I don’t think I’ve ever encountered someone as despicable as you.
Raifort: Agreed.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Enough blithering!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: I only agreed to meet so I could take Chi-Yu!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Now hand it over, without any fuss!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): That’s my line.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I cannot allow Chien-Pao to remain with the likes of you!
The Shadow Triad: Allow us to assist you, Lord Ghetsis.
Rei: We’ll take care of them!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Myah-ha-ha-ha! Is that all you can do?!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Doesn’t Team Flare believe in your dream of creating a “beautiful world” free of conflict?
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Such a pity you seem too weak to make it happen!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Must I fight to create a world without conflict?
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): It’s exceedingly contradictory.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Whimpering now, are you?
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): For some time, I’ve suppressed this feeling, due to a promise I made a friend.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): But now...
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): my desire for a beautiful world has overtaken me!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Deep in my heart, the flames of my convictions blaze!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Hmph! They’ve gained the upper hand.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: I’ll retreat for now. But one day, Chi-Yu WILL be mine!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): ... ... ...

Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): (If such foul people exist even on Pasio...)
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): (then I MUST use Chi-Yu’s flames...)
???: Whoa! Amazing!
Shauna: Serena and Greninja are totally in sync! ♪
Calem: A new Mega Evolution...
Calem: You pulled ahead of me, but I’ll catch up!
Serena: I’ll be waiting for you!
Professor Sycamore: It’s great how you two strengthen each other as you aim higher!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Well... Perhaps it is still too early to judge.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): Power that is too strong can corrupt humans.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I suppose when I am with Chi-Yu, my own heart is put to the test.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): It is because of such foolish humans...
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): that I must do what only I can—for both a beautiful Pasio and those with righteous hearts!
