===== Other Side Story =====
Maxie (Fall 2026): The Midnight Parade, eh?
Maxie (Fall 2026): When people and Pokémon gather in large numbers, their feelings all bubble to the surface.
Maxie (Fall 2026): It is at these places of amusement I may discover material for my research!

===== Akin to Ruinous Pokémon =====
Tabitha: Courtney, lower the gauges’ pressure a bit more!
Courtney: ...Understood.
Maxie: Ting-Lu still seems worked up.
Maxie: We can’t have it wielding its power at will.
Clavell: I assume that’s why you’re attempting to restrain it using a scientific approach.
Maxie: Exactly.
Maxie: Mr. Clavell, thank you again for allowing us to borrow a room at the academy.
Clavell: Of course. After all, it’s for the Pokémon’s sake as well.
Clavell: If I may ask a favor in return...
Clavell: We have some people who would like to observe. Would that be permissible?
Maxie: I don’t see why not.
Clavell: Please come in, you two.
Rika: Heard you got a tough Pokémon here.
Rika: I just had to come see it for myself!
Penny: I...I want to witness Team Magma’s amazing technology...
Penny: I see...
Penny: So you’re trying to use gauges to determine its body structure...
Penny: and to measure how and when it generates power!
Maxie: Oh? I’m impressed you ascertained all that with one look.
Tabitha: You’re quite the clever child!
Maxie: How would you like to join Team Magma’s technology unit?
Penny: U-um...
Rika: Hold up—we’ve already got dibs!
Rika: Our boss is interested in her skills, too, y’know.
Rika: If you’re looking to recruit her, you’ll have to talk to ol’ Rika here first.
Maxie: I see... Sounds likely to be a vexing negotiation, then.
Rika: Dang. Not only did you give us permission to observe—you also listen to reason.
Rika: I see why that ruinous Pokémon formed a sync pair with you!
Maxie: Be that as it may, I remain unsure whether to welcome our chance encounter.
Rika: What do you mean?
Maxie: The two ruinous Pokémon that appeared before Team Magma and Team Aqua...
Maxie: I suspect they were drawn here by something.
Penny: Uh...“something”?
Maxie: You could call it a point of commonality.
Maxie: Both Archie and I could also be referred to as “ruinous.”
Maxie: I suspect that quality somehow resonated with these Pokémon.
Tabitha: ... ... ...
Maxie: However!
Maxie: Now that we are a sync pair, I shall not use Ting-Lu for ruinous purposes.
Maxie: I will prove powers of ruin may also be used for salvation.
Maxie: Hence my scientific approach.
Maxie: I cannot undo the past, but I’ve learned much from my failures.
Maxie: At the very least, I intend to use this power to make a positive contribution to the world.
Tabitha: Don’t worry, Leader Maxie!
Courtney: We’ll always...support you...
Rika: I like your mettle! You’ve got ol’ Rika’s support, too!
Penny: Mine too!
Maxie: I see. Then there’s something I’d like to ask.
Maxie: Truthfully, for a new approach, I was considering using Terastallization...

===== Ting-Lu, Born of Fear =====
Penny: Whoa! Impressive!
Rika: You sure got the hang of Terastallization quick!
Maxie: Only thanks to you two and your remarkable tutelage.
Maxie: I feel I understand Ting-Lu better now— perhaps because we undertook this training together.
Maxie: I can even comprehend the fear emanating from its body.
Penny: Fear?
Maxie: According to legend...
Maxie: Ting-Lu was created when fear poured into an ancient ritual vessel clad itself in rocks and dirt.
Penny: When I hear the word “fear,” it reminds me of when I was afraid of being alone...
Penny: I would hate for a Pokémon to go through something like that.
Penny: So, Maxie...
Penny: No matter what happens, please stay by Ting-Lu’s side.
Maxie: Very well.
Maxie: At times, others’ support can empower one to overcome great hardships.
Maxie: Ting-Lu... No matter what ruin you bring...
Maxie: I shall face it with you—as your partner!
Maxie: Fufufu... Oh, Archie...
Maxie: It seems the two of us are already one step ahead of you.
Penny: Oh? Arven just texted me.
Penny: Sounds like Archie and Wo-Chien became friends at the Midnight Parade.
Maxie: What?!
Maxie: But Archie would never participate in such an event!
Rika: Nahahaha! The other team’s impressive, too!
Maxie: Urgh...
Maxie: I have no idea how Ting-Lu will change in a lively environment.
Maxie: What do you say we join as well, as part of our research?

Maxie (Fall 2026): Well, well. Someone’s popular.
Archie (Fall 2026): Yeah! Everyone loves Arven’s candy!
Maxie (Fall 2026): Hmph! I’m sure it pales in comparison to Team Magma’s.
Archie (Fall 2026): Some confidence you got there. Then let’s make it a contest!
Archie (Fall 2026): Whoever hands out the most candy is the Midnight Parade’s true star!
Maxie (Fall 2026): Fascinating. I accept.
Archie (Fall 2026): Florian! Arven! Let’s do this!
Maxie (Fall 2026): Rika! Penny! Let’s get started as well!
Maxie (Fall 2026): Allow us to show you our power!

===== Choices and Motives =====
Narration: A few days later...
Raifort: Those are the legends surrounding the treasures of ruin...
Raifort: and the full picture of the feud that took place on Pasio.
Raifort: I encourage you to form your own interpretations.
Raifort: Both power and Pokémon simply exist.
Raifort: Will we make them our ruin? Or our salvation?
Raifort: To find out, we must keep a close eye on how Pasio progresses.

Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): As those recognized by the powers of ruin, we’ve one thing we must do.
Maxie (Fall 2026): Indeed. We must never use ruinous power for evil—or allow others to do so.
Archie (Fall 2026): That blasted Ghetsis... As usual, he’ll do as he pleases!
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): I’d rather not think about it, but it’s possible one of us will stray as well.
Sygna Suit Lysandre (Alt.): We must keep an eye on one another, so as not to shatter Pasio’s balance.

Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Yes... Keep playing “friends” while you still can.
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: Before long, every last treasure of ruin will be mine!
Sygna Suit Ghetsis: It is I who shall have the last laugh!
